README.md, before:

# 1D Biot's poroelasticity equation solver using MATLAB

Author: Naren Vohra, Malgorzata Peszynska

The 1D poroelasticity code is used to model deformation and flow in fully saturated porous media using the quasi-static Biot's equations.

## Simulation example

To run example 1:

``` [xn, xcc, t, U, P, Q] = Biot1D(10, 10, [0 0 0 0], 1);```

To run example 4:

``` [xn, xcc, t, U, P, Q] = Biot1D(20, 100, [1 0 0 1], 4); ```

More examples and the complete documentation can be found in the [Documentation](https://github.com/nvohra0016/Biot1D-MATLAB/blob/452e0725a63db48f469df6ea6edb58c15e7215f8/Documentation.pdf).


## Acknowledgement 

This research was partially supported by NSF DMS-1912938 "Modeling with Constraints and Phase Transitions in Porous Media" and NSF DMS-1522734 "Phase transitions in porous media across multiple scales"; PI: Dr. Malgorzata Peszynska. 

## License

We use the [GNU GPL](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/licenses.en.html#GPL) license for our software. 

We ask that you respect the [Creative Commons CC BY-NC-ND 4.0 Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/legalcode).

See License.md for the full text.

## Contact

Naren Vohra: vohran@oregonstate.edu

Website: [https://nvohra0016.github.io](https://nvohra0016.github.io)

Malgorzata Peszynska: malgo.peszynska@oregonstate.edu

Website: [https://sites.science.oregonstate.edu/~mpesz/index.html](https://sites.science.oregonstate.edu/~mpesz/index.html)

Commit message:

updated readme with python code link

README.md, after:

# 1D Biot's poroelasticity equation solver using MATLAB

Author: Naren Vohra, Malgorzata Peszynska

The 1D poroelasticity code is used to model deformation and flow in fully saturated porous media using the quasi-static Biot's equations. The code is written in MATLAB.

## Simulation example

To run example 1:

``` [xn, xcc, t, U, P, Q] = Biot1D(10, 10, [0 0 0 0], 1);```

To run example 4:

``` [xn, xcc, t, U, P, Q] = Biot1D(20, 100, [1 0 0 1], 4); ```

More examples and the complete documentation can be found in the [Documentation](https://github.com/nvohra0016/Biot1D-MATLAB/blob/452e0725a63db48f469df6ea6edb58c15e7215f8/Documentation.pdf).


## Acknowledgement 

This research was partially supported by NSF DMS-1912938 "Modeling with Constraints and Phase Transitions in Porous Media" and NSF DMS-1522734 "Phase transitions in porous media across multiple scales"; PI: Dr. Malgorzata Peszynska. 

## Python code
The code is also available in Python here [https://github.com/nvohra0016/Poroelasticity1d/tree/master/poroelasticity](https://github.com/nvohra0016/Poroelasticity1d/tree/master/poroelasticity). 

## License

We use the [GNU GPL](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/licenses.en.html#GPL) license for our software. 

We ask that you respect the [Creative Commons CC BY-NC-ND 4.0 Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/legalcode).

See License.md for the full text.

## Contact

Naren Vohra: vohran@oregonstate.edu

Website: [https://nvohra0016.github.io](https://nvohra0016.github.io)

Malgorzata Peszynska: malgo.peszynska@oregonstate.edu

Website: [https://sites.science.oregonstate.edu/~mpesz/index.html](https://sites.science.oregonstate.edu/~mpesz/index.html)
